Scrum Meeting 7:24 PM 

What have you accomplished since the last meeting?
Are there any obstacles in the way of meeting your goal?
What will you accomplish before the next meeting?

Mark
1) Got familiar with extreme programming components as well as with the scrum process.
2) Biggest obstacle was the familiarization of the project requirements.
3) Apply knowledge of scrum process, begin documentation process of scrum process as well as extreme programming, research new frameworks. Create the skeleton of the documentation.

Jason
1) Read through the specified requirements and did research on the scrum in order to understand  the process.
2) Obstacles that got in the way of meeting my goal was the vastness of data needed to learn in order to be competent for coding.
3) I will try to develop questions to reaffirm requirements with the stakeholders and research useful APIs and framework in order to best implement this project.

Enoch
1) Researched more about the scrum Sprint Cycle and the different project 2 requirements.
2) Obstacles included having to implement eXtreme Programming into our programming methodologies.
3) Familiarize myself with a new environment to use, and also begin to create tests for the implementation.

Stacey
1) Familiarized myself with project prompt, requirements, and scrum format. 
2) Obstacles include not knowing the exact requirements and their priorities. We have not met with the stakeholders to discuss details of the project. 
3) Compile a list of requirements and their priorities. Research available APIs to use. 

Melanie
1) Read through the requirements and studied the scrum process. Started to look at code from project 1 and see how much can be reused.
2) Some obstacles are the fact that we haven’t asked the stakeholders what the priorities are and that I can’t start implementing until we finalize framework/design.
3) Before next meeting, I will research APIs for academic papers as well as finish look over how much of the previous code.

Lucy
1) Went through the Agile slides in order to better familiarize myself with Agile and Scrum. Read through the requirements for the project to gain better understanding of what is expected for the project.
2) Obstacles included fully understanding the scrum process.
3) Before next meeting, the goal is to determine an API fit for the project as well as a framework for the project.
